Add V8 Migration guide (#1738)
RevenueCat/purchases-android: migrations/v8-MIGRATION.md

# V8 API Migration Guide

This latest release updates the SDK to use BillingClient 7. This version of BillingClient brings little change compared

> with BillingClient 5 which brought an entire new subscription model which resulted in large changes across the entire SDK. It did, however, increase the minSdk to 21 (Android 5.0) and removed the `ProrationMode` enum.

Reviewer: I don't think there's much value in talking about BC5 at this stage. If, as a customer, I've been using v7 since release, what do I care how BC6 -> BC7 compares as a transition to BC4 -> BC5? 

I would instead simply acknowledge the 2 new things in BC7: pending transactions for prepaid plans and installments. 

And add a link to where people can find out more about them.

Reviewer: Let's also add a code snippet that showcases how to use the 2 new things, or at least link to relevant docs

Reviewer 2: to avoid duplicating work, I also opened a [PR](https://github.com/RevenueCat/docusaurus/pull/279) for the main doc page that includes details about installments and pending transactions. Code snippet would be super helpful!

Aside from that, we've also updated Kotlin to 1.8.22.

> The only modification at the API level involves removing `UpgradeInfo`, `ProrationMode` and related functions which was deprecated previously in V7 of our SDK but now has been removed completely since it depended on `ProrationMode` from the Billing Client which has been completely removed by Google.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The only modification at the API level involves removing `UpgradeInfo` and `ProrationMode`. Related functions that were deprecated previously in V7 of our SDK have now been removed completely since they depended on classes not available anymore in billing client 7.0.0.
```

If your app supports upgrading/downgrading, you need to migrate to use the `purchase(PurchaseParams)` method. The `PurchaseParams` parameter has accessors to set the `oldSku` and `replacementMode` which will allow you to handle upgrades and downgrades.

## Updated Code References

This migration guide has detailed class, property, and method changes.

See [Android Native - 5.x to 6.x Migration](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/android-native-5x-to-6x-migration) for a

> more thorough explanation of the new Google subscription model announced with BillingClient 5 and how to take advantage of it.

Reviewer: is this needed? If so, let's add an explicit note that it's only meant for folks migrating all the way back from v5

### Class/interface changes

| New                                                              |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `InstallmentsInfo`                                               |
| `GoogleInstallmentsInfo`                                         |

> | `PurchaseConfiguration.pendingTransactionsForPrepaidPlansEnabled` |

Reviewer: slight eye twitch from the misalignment of only this line

| `SubscriptionOption.installmentsInfo`                            |

| Removed                                                               |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `UpgradeInfo`                                                         |
| `ProrationMode`                                                       |
| `GoogleProrationMode`                                                 |
| `StoreTransaction.prorationMode`                                      |
| `PurchaseParams.googleProrationMode`                                  |
| `purchasePackage(activity, packageToPurchase, upgradeInfo, callback)` |
| `purchaseProduct(activity, productToPurchase, upgradeInfo, callback)` |

### Bumped minimum Android SDK version

RevenueCat SDK v8 bumps minimum Android SDK version from Android 4.4 (API level 19) to Android 5.0 (API level 21) since it's required by Google's Billing client.

### Observer Mode

> Observer mode is still supported in v8. Other than updating the SDK version, there are no changes required. Just make sure the version you're using is also BC7.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Observer mode is still supported in v8. Other than updating the SDK version, there are no changes required. Just make sure the version of the billing client is also version 7.0.0.
```

might be more clear?
